[Nagisa] If you'd like...
I'll take you to a
special place in town.
A place where...
all your wishes come true.
Uh... uh...
What are you doing out here
this late at night, Okazaki?
Did you forget something
at our house?
[Tomoya] N-no, I was
just out for a walk.
But what were you
doing just now?
Referencing lines from a play.
It's a really beautiful story
that I want to do if I can
revive the Drama Club.
So it was just
lines from a play?
I always come here to practice.
I saw you, so I decided
to do it for you.
So, you've decided to start
up the Drama Club again?
Uh, yes! Of course, I don't
know how far I'll get,
but I would really
like to give it a try.
Is that so?
Yes!
[Voice] The girl's
life was very lonely.
There was no one
else besides the girl.
That was only natural.
Nothing is born here...
Neither does anything die.
That's the kind
of world this is.
That body was for me.
Do I just have to wish it?
To be born here?
The one warm spot
in this world...
Before I realized it...
that's what I was seeking.
Reviving the Drama Club is she?
Well, I suppose it'll
keep her from being bored.
[Kyou] Tomoya!
[Tomoya] Huh?
Get out of the waaaaaay!
[Tomoya yells]
Ow!
Hey, be careful, will ya?!
You should watch were you're
going! You almost killed me!
[Kyou laughs] To tell you
the truth, I'm not used
to driving this thing.
I just got my license last week.
Good. Not even a scratch.
Looks like I won't charge
you for any repairs.
You had better be grateful.
Listen here. If either
of us should be grateful,
it's you that I don't
have you arrested.
[Kyou laughs]
Kyou Fujibayashi, eh?
Have you ever noticed,
there's a lot of violent
girls at this school.
Well look who's
decided to show up.
Pretty unusual for
you to be on time.
Well, you see, I like to pay
people back as soon as possible.
And I am referring to
that other violent girl.
[Tomoyo] You sure
are persistent.
I was out of practice
the other day!
Things are different today!
And for your information,
if somebody doesn't
pitch for while,
even the best pitcher around...
could easily have his balls hit!
[Tomoya] I would have
phrased that differently.
Trust me, I'd turn and
walk away now, if I were you.
Or don't you care that you may
not be able to walk yourself
to school anymore?
[Youhei chuckles] Don't worry,
we'll see who will be the one
who won't be able to
come back to school.
What a sorry excuse for a man.
Hey you there, looking
stupid. You vouch for me
that this was self defense?
[Tomoya] Sure, he's the one
who's starting it, after all.
Okay. Now, what do you
want me to do to you?
How about I turn you into
something a little less human?
[Youhei] You think
you can do that?!
Never mind all this yammering,
just come amd fight me already!
[Youhei yells]
Oh, he's really flying...
You there! Get the
trash chute open!
Huh?
Oh! Oh, yeah!
[Youhei shouts]
[Youhei] Help me!
[Tomoyo] If you let go,
you'll fall. What will you do?
So you wanna fall? I see.
[Youhei] I haven't said a thing!
[Youhei screams]
Did I go too far?
It's cool. He's small,
but resilient!
Hey! You okay?
Are you alive or not?
[Youhei, in the distance]
Damn! I'm not gonna let
this be the end of it!
[Tomoya] See?
[Tomoyo] I wish he'd just
let this whole thing between
the two of us drop.
But you know, watching the
two of you boys together,
I sort of feel a
little nostalgic.
Huh?
It's nothing at all.
Forget I said anything.
[Boy 1] You saw it, right?
[Boy 2] Yeah, I guess
it's really true.
What are you doing?
Okazaki, it was here just now,
the ghost of that student!
You know, the one
they're talking about!
She comes up and approaches you,
and then gives you something
with a curse on it.
She looks like an average girl,
but there's something about her
where you can tell
she's not quite right.
[Tomoya] Looks like
it's unlocked.
Perfect. Looks like I'll
be able to take a nap.
He-hey! Don't do that!
[Kotomi] Huh?
[Tomoya] That book
belongs to the library!
You can't just cut
it up like that.
[Tomoya sighs]
[Tomoya] Wow, these are some
pretty advanced textbooks.
So, are you a truant as
well as a library vandal?
And what are you
barefoot anyway?
I made this lunch all by myself.
[Tomoya] Huh?
[Kotomi] I think this
came out especially well.
You know you're not suppose to
eat or drink in the library.
Would you like some?
Okay, since you offered.
[Kotomi] Oh no.
[Tomoya] What's the matter?
I only have one
pair of chopsticks.
[Tomoya sighs]
It's really good!
You might want to get started
cleaning this stuff up.
Classes are going to start
in a couple of minutes.
Is there something
else you need to do?
See you later.
[Tomoya] That wasn't the
ghost of the girl who died
in that accident, I hope.
That was probably Kotomi
Ichinose of Class A.
Kotomi Ichinose?
She's a genius who ranks in
the top ten at every subject
on the national mock exams.
I understand that she's
free to cut classes anytime.
And study whatever she wants.
She's practically a legend
in our school, you know.
Ah, so she's a genius, is she?
Then it's no wonder
she was so strange.
Hey, about your big sister...
Your parents really need to
think about keeping
her on a leash.
[Ryou] Did my sister
do something to you?
Yes, as a matter of fact!
She and her bi-
[Kyou] Hey, you! Tomoya!
[Tomoya] Huh?
[Kyou] Come with me right now!
[Tomoya] Huh?!
[Girl 1] Did he just say "bi"?
[Boy] Did they just say "bi"?
[Girl 2] What's "bi"?
Bi?
Alright, you big mouth.
What were you planning
to say in the middle
of the classroom?!
I was planning to tell
your sister that you an-
Listen, you nitwit, are you
trying to get me expelled?
You know it's against the
school policy to come to
come here on a bike!
Okazaki, what were you talking
about with my sister just now?
Alright, everybody! Listen up!
I found out Kyou Fujibayashi,
in Class E, is bi!
[Boy] "Bi"?
[Girl] "Bi"?
[More students
question the "bi" part]
What's bi?
[Boy 1] Bi?
[Boy 2] What is bi?
Now that you mention it,
she is a little masculine.
[Kyou] I'm... gonna kill you!
[Tomoya] I... can't breathe!
[Ryou] Is it true, sis,
what he just said?
[Tomoya] Can't breathe!
Come on! Don't you
believe him too!
It's a "bike"!
A motorized scooter!
You know, like a Vespa!
Hm.
[Tomoya] What's wrong?
Are you on clean-up duty?
All alone?
Hey, what's the matter?
Did something happen
to you today?
No, it's nothing, Okazaki.
Don't worry, I'll
be done real soon.
Why don't you go and wait
for me in the club room?
Huh?
[Tomoya] Okay.
Here's my thought.
We won't get anywhere
unless we get more
members to join.
I say we put up
a recruitment sign.
Okay!
But we should probably wait
until after Founder's Day.
All right!
I'm done!
But isn't your sign
missing something?
[Nagisa] Hm. What could that be?
What if you add the line,
"The most beautiful and sweet
club leader on campus will be
there and be waiting for you"?
[Nagisa] "The most beautiful
club leader on camp-"
Would you... You wouldn't
be referring to m-
Well, who else would
I be talking about?
[Nagisa] What?!
[Tomoya] If you write that,
maybe some of the dumb
guys in class will take
the bait and join.
I don't want people to come
because of something like that!
Besides, you're the one who
should be the leader, not me!
As I said yesterday, I'm only
doing this to help you out.
I have no vested interest
in any drama club.
Even if the club is revived,
I have no intention of
being a member of it.
Are you being serious?
You're the one who should
be the leader in any of
the drama club's activities.
In the end, it's the leader
who makes all the decisions.
There are plays that you
wanna do, aren't there?
I... I don't know if
I can do it or not.
Come on now, get cracking.
Just write whatever slogan
you want on the poster.
I'm sure it'll be amazing.
Really? Anything I want?
Well then, could I
maybe draw my very,
very favorite picture on it?
Well... Yeah, sure. Why not?
It would look sort of dull
if it only had just words.
Really?! In that case...
♪Dango, dango, dango,
dango, dango.♪
♪Big dango family!
[Tomoya sighs]
[Nagisa] There!
[Tomoya sighs in frustration]
Okay, maybe that song was
popular way back.
[Nagisa] Yes! It's called
"Big Dango Family"!
It's my favorite song!
[Tomoya] Why "Big Dango Family"?
That's so old.
It's not popular anymore.
But I still think that it's
a really cute song to sing.
Are you saying you
don't like it?
Oh, no, no! Never mind, really!
It's fine, as long
as you want to do it.
After all, I did tell you
to do whatever you want.
Tonkatsu!
W-what?!
It's just something I say
to cheer myself up when
I'm embarassed.
If I do really well, I
promise to reward myself
with a favorite food.
It's weird, isn't it?
[Nagisa chuckles nervously]
[Tomoya] No, it's not weird.
On our way home, let's
pick up a big dango family
instead of a tonkatsu.
After we put up all
the signs, that is.
Okay!
I think I have too
much time on my hands.
Oh, sorry. I'm sorry,
did I scare you?
I didn't mean to.
Would you mind telling me
if this the Art Club room?
Uh-uh.
So you're just doing your art
class homework here then?
Uh-uh!
Then, what is that?
Do you mean this?
This is...
my favorite...
ever...
Hey! Hey, wait a minute!
[Fuko chuckles, then goes
into amorous sighing]
Look at this.
The blade is chipped.
It's dangerous to be using
a dull knife like this.
Give it back to me!
You really should be
using a carving knife
that's properly sharpened.
I'm sure that they must
have a few extras
in the art room.
Give it back, please?!
Your hand hurts, doesn't it?
It doesn't hurt.
[Tomoya] Give me five!
[Fuko] Okay!
See there? Your hand does hurts.
It doesn't hurt!
C'mon. Five up high.
You mean like a high five?
Like in basketball. You know
how when you make a basket,
you slap the other
players on their hand.
I know about that!
I've seen it on the TV!
Now, give me a high five.
C'mon, let's do it.
Dribble, dribble... Shoot!
[Tomoya] Do you have
to start there?
I did it!
Okay! That was a really
nice shot! Way to go!
[Both] Yeah!
See there? It hurts, doesn't it?
I think I'll hold
on to this for ya.
I guess I'll see ya around.
And that's the last one.
Good job.
"Drama Club Member Wanted?"
Are you telling me this this
is what you've been up to?
What about you, man? What
have you been doing all day?
Special training to
defeat Tomoyo Sakagami.
But the Drama Club?
Are you serious?
I'm amazed that you're
interested in something as
disgusting as club activities.
I mean, come on. I thought those
guys doing club activities made
you sick enough to throw up.
Oh well. Maybe one day
I'll let you explain it all.
See ya around.
[Nagisa] Okazaki...
So tell me, do you really
hate club activities?
No, i-it was nothing.
He was just talking.
[Tomoya] What else can I do,
if they no longer sell them.
Well, this is better than
nothing I suppose.
[Naoyuki] Oh, how nostalgic...
Tell me, son. What are
you going to do with this?
I'm giving it to a
friend of mine, alright?
I don't understand.
Why not let me help you, son?
What should I do?
Won't you tell me?
[Tomoya] Don't touch it!
GOD!
Will ya just quit it already?!
Why do you have to talk
to me like I'm some
kind of a stranger?!
What am I to you, anyway?!
WHAT AM I?!
[Naoyuki] Tomoya...
Damn!
[Nagisa gasps]
It's the Big Dango Family!
It's not the real
thing, of course.
It's okay.
You've made me really happy.
It's really a big family.
I wish... I just wish I could
become one of the big dangos.
I've been depressed all day.
At clean-up time,
the whole class was
working together at first,
but before I knew it,
I was all alone.
[Tomoya] I see...
I have to admit, I've
always been kind of clumsy.
Everybody I've always known used
to always tease me about it.
But now, thanks to you,
I feel so much better!
I'm not depressed
at all anymore.
[Tomoya] That stuff we were
talking about earlier...
[Nagisa] Huh?
My friend and I were
drafted a long time
ago as school athletes.
You do know what that
means, don't you?
Sunohara was signed
for the soccer team.
And me, I got signed
for the basketball squad.
But I quit as soon as
I entered this school.
So did you come to hate
playing basketball?
No, that's not it at all.
But I can't remember the last
time I touched a basketball.
Hey, Okazaki. In that case,
why not play with me?
Let's play basketball
after school tomorrow.
I may not look it,
but I've got good reflexes.
I'll wait for you at the
basketball court after school.
No, that's okay.
Let's play basketball.
[Youhei snoring]
In that case, why
not play with me?
Let's play basketball
after school tomorrow!
[Youhei] Okazaki,
let's cut school today.
It's Saturday and school's
just a half day today.
Yeah, well...
[Thunder rumbles]
[Youhei] Why do you keep looking
outta the window like that?
Do you mind if I borrow
your umbrella, Sunohara?
Huh?
She wouldn't be still...
[Tomoya gasp]
Hey, what are you doing?!
Oh, Okazaki...
Are you some kind of idiot?!
It's raining.
You should've gone
home a long time ago!
But if you came after I left,
I wouldn't have been able
to meet you to play.
There was no guarantee that
I would come, was there?
But you... you did come,
didn't you?
You see, you've always
been there to help me
with my problems.
So I thought I could at least
play basketball with you
to pay you back.
[Tomoya] In this rain?
How can we?
Then, just show me
how you shoot a basket.
I wanna see it. I've never seen
a basketball player shoot a
basket up close.
You take a cool stance like
this before shooting, right?
A real professional doesn't
throw underhand like
I do, do they?
I can't raise my right
arm anymore at all.
What?
When I was in the ninth grade,
my dad and I got in a bad fight.
Injured my right
shoulder pretty badly.
The best doctors tried
to fix the problem.
But I can't play
basketball anymore.
Never again.
[Nagisa] I'm sorry,
I-I didn't mean t-...
Furukawa, no!
I'm always...
I'm always causing
you trouble...
I'm just ha- ah, aah.
[Tomoya] Furukawa!
Furukawa... Furukawa!
Oh yeah, you may be
just a little silly,
but I think it's kind of sweet.
[Nagisa] Really? You do?
[Tomoya] Yeah, if you ask me,
[Tomoya] you're not really the
type to handle something like
this that easily, are you?
[Nagisa] You don't think so?
[Tomoya] I'm the type of guy who
says exactly what he thinks.
You're telling me...
Sometimes your words stab me.
Sorry 'bout that.
Believe in your own words.
[Nagisa] 'Kay...
[Tomoya] I want you to keep
hangin' in there, okay?
I will!